d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe.config
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.g.resources
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
d:\Users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe.config
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.g.resources
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.baml
C:\TIB\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.g.cs
D:\users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.baml
D:\users\Ik\Documents\PHL\P3\Geintegreerd project\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe.config
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.g.resources
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Res\ForwardGreen.png
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\MonthCalendar.dll
D:\GIT\TogetherIsBetter\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\MonthCalendar.pdb
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Res\ForwardGreen.png
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe.config
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\MonthCalendar.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\MonthCalendar.pdb
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LocationFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\CompanyFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ReservationFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFormulaFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ContractFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ManagementFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\LoginFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileAdminFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\ProfileFrm.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.g.resources
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.exe
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\TogetherIsBetter.pdb
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsFrm.baml
d:\Users\Ik\Desktop\TogetherIsBetter-master\Program\TogetherIsBetter\TogetherIsBetter\obj\Debug\Views\SettingsFrm.g.cs
